[opening theme music playing]
KOTARO LIVES ALONE
[woman] Mm-hmm. I work at Ohba Dentistry
where a child's appointment
is double the time of an adult exam.
[woman 2] You're telling me I just have
to deal with this pain until then?
This is ridiculous!
-[line clicks]
-[woman gasps]
[sighs]
[woman] We keep losing patients like this.
[man] Namie, do you have a second?
[gasping]
[Namie] Good morning, Dr. Ohba.
Could you check how many appointments
we have left today?
[Namie sighing]
Um, look, Doctor!
[Dr. Ohba] Go on.
Would it be possible to make
the children's exams a little shorter?
-No.
-[Namie gasps]
What do you do with all that extra time?
Is it really that necessary?
We talk.
[melancholy music playing]
[Namie gasps]
We chat.
[Namie] They… they chat?
Good day, my lady.
[Namie] Good morning, Kotaro.
You're always right on time, huh?
Indeed. Call me "Sir Punctuality."
[Namie giggles]
30 MINUTES LATER
[drill whining]
[whimsical music playing]
[Namie] Time to get to the bottom
of this whole chatting thing.
How is school? Are you learning a lot?
-Aye.
-Are you taking…
[Namie] This sounds more like
an interrogation than a friendly chat.
Aye. In fact,
this morning I even added an egg.
Hmm. Very good.
[Namie] I just don't get it.
Here you go. See you again next week.
Aye. Fare thee well.
His charts show improvement.
He has way less cavities than before.
[Dr. Ohba] I saw you eavesdropping
during that appointment.
Uh, I'm sorry, sir.
I was just curious about all that time
you spend chatting with the kids.
[Dr. Ohba] Hmm.
Well, before, I never bothered
to talk to them at all.
Why did that change?
[sighing]
[woman] All right, Konoe. You're up.
[Dr. Ohba] All right. Open wide for me.
Damn. Almost every tooth
has a cavity in it.
And most of them are serious.
She must be in constant pain.
[drill whining]
[Dr. Ohba] Are her parents
not paying attention to her at all?
[slurping]
[water sloshing]
I'll see you again at the end of the week.
Tell your mom the dentist said you need
to brush and floss at least twice a day.
[door closing]
[nurse] Doctor Ohba?
Konoe's in the waiting room.
She wants to see you.
She says her teeth really hurt.
Can we squeeze her in?
[sighing] We're full today.
She's just going to have to wait
for her appointment tomorrow.
As long as she's taking the painkillers
we prescribed her, she should be fine.
Tell her next time she needs
to come with her mom.
[somber music playing]
That was it.
That was the last time I saw her.
She never came back to the office again.
What? Why not?
EMACIATED FEMALE CHILD (5)
TAKEN INTO CUSTODY
[gasping]
The girl in the article is her?
Yes.
I didn't see it at the time,
but all those cavities were a clue
to let me know
what was going on with her family.
Wait. Dr. Ohba, you think
that's why Kotaro had so many cavities?
[Dr. Ohba] I do,
but I think he's doing better now.
I don't know what changed,
but it's clear his situation has improved.
Sometimes, cavities can be a cry
for help that no one else can hear.
I promised myself
I would listen more closely from then on.
[Namie] That's why he spends
so much time with the kids.
[phone ringing]
[Namie] Hello. Ohba Dentistry.
Of course. An appointment for your child?
At Dr. Ohba's office,
all children's exams
are a minimum of one hour.
[beeping]
[Takei sighs]
It's still raining.
[Kotaro] Greetings, Lady Takei.
Have you just finished at work?
A long day.
-[Takei] Uh, yeah.
-[cute music playing]
Uh, um…
What are you doing? What's with the sign?
[Kotaro] A rainy day tradition.
My "Umbrella Sharing campaign."
Umbrella Sharing campaign?
[Kotaro] Aye. A public service
I offer on rainy days
that was taught to me by my mentor.
[Takei] Mentor?
Now, my lady, please step in.
No! Really, I'm fine!
I… I've got my own umbrella, so I'm good.
Aye. Of course.
I understand that it would be torture
for you to stand so close to me.
My apologies.
No, no, no. It's not torture.
Why would you say that?
Come on. It's not like
I hate kids or anything.
[man] Hey, Kotaro!
Mind sharing your umbrella
with me again today?
[woman] Dibs on the next walk.
Me too, please.
-Yeah, and me!
-One more?
[Kotaro] Indeed. One at a time.
[Takei] Wow. He's got a lot of customers.
ANOTHER DAY
[Takei] He said
it was a rainy-day tradition.
Does he really do this
every time it rains?
[woman] Hey, Kotaro.
Your shoulder's getting rained on.
Are you okay?
It is of no consequence.
I wear this rain with pride.
It is the mark
of a professional umbrella sharer.
[woman] Have a good night! Thanks!
[Kotaro] Excuse me, Sir Boyfriend!
Do you not see
that this lady's shoulder is wet
due to your negligent umbrella sharing?
Oh, jeez. I'm so sorry about that!
No. It's all good.
Shall I walk you the rest of the way?
I swear, dear lady,
to protect you from the rain.
-[girl] Okay!
-[boy] What?
[Takei] Boy, he's a real charmer.
See this?
This is my oath to keep you dry.
[Takei] What's with the wet shoulder?
Getting wet in the rain
isn't something to be proud of.
-[indistinct chatter]
-[beeping]
Ah, Lady Takei.
Another long day at work?
What? Why are you so wet?
This is my
umbrella-sharing badge of honor.
I know my mentor would be proud.
[Takei] Wait. Who is this "mentor"
he keeps talking about?
Uh, what's so important
about sharing your umbrella?
And what's the deal with the wet shoulder?
You see, when I was but a young child,
my mentor would share his umbrella.
[Takei gasping]
[Takei] When he says "mentor,"
does he mean…
[water drop echoing]
[melancholy music playing]
Daddy, you're wet!
Oh, Daddy's fine.
How about I teach you a secret
about umbrella sharing.
Secret?
The trick
is to keep the person next to you dry.
A wet shoulder
proves how much they mean to you.
[Kotaro gasping]
You're a pro!
Umbrella pro!
-Amazing, Daddy!
-[Kotaro's father chuckling]
[sad music playing]
[water drop echoing]
There will come a day
when I share an umbrella with my parents,
and my wet shoulder
shall prove my love for them.
I see.
I think that's a very noble gesture.
Hey. Could you share
your umbrella with me?
We could walk home together?
Um, Of course. Only if you are certain.
Oh, please! I'll be totally fine.
[Kotaro] In that case, step this way.
Uh…
Do you mind if I carry it?
[Kotaro] Out of the question.
I am the umbrella sharer.
[Takei] What's the big deal?
Come on. Indulge me.
[Kotaro] You appear
to be sweating quite profusely.
[Takei] I… I am not.
Lady Takei, on our next walk
I shall hold the umbrella for you.
[Takei] I… I look forward to that.
Banana?
Putting banana in curry,
who even does that?
I mean, is it even any good?
Aye. I planned on making some
this evening for supper.
My curry is the best.
You have to try it.
The best? I'll be the judge.
[Karino] Score! Free meal.
[man] It's you!
All that waiting paid off!
[birds chirping]
'Sup? Long time no see, kid!
[laughing]
[twinkling]
Let's hurry on home.
This guy is freaking me out!
-[Kotaro] Sir Tasuku.
-Huh?
What are you doing here?
-Hey. You remember how it goes?
-[lively music playing]
Let's go!
[both] Three, two, one!
[screaming]
[Tasuku] Woo!
You still got it, Kotaro!
[Kotaro] Sir Tasuku! Woo!
You know him?
Sir Tasuku is my dear friend
from the group home.
All grown up and working as a host!
Come, sir. I will show you my room
and we'll catch up.
Oh, yeah! Party time!
Of course, we'll postpone the curry.
Woo!
Those two seem pretty close, actually.
[sizzling]
Yo, I was hanging out
with Ryota the other day.
He said you two got together,
and I was like, "That's not fair.
I wanna see him too,"
and here I am.
[Kotaro] You honor me.
Thank you, Sir Tasuku!
[sighs] Hey,
who was that old dude
tagging along with you earlier?
Sir Karino?
He lives next door.
I would consider him
one of my dearest friends.
He has gone out of his way
to look after me.
[Tasuku] Listen.
Hmm?
Don't let your guard down too much.
[both] Thank you for the food!
[munching]
Woo! That's delicious!
Just like the kind
we used to eat at the group home. Hot!
Aye. It is nostalgic.
[Tasuku] You still mix your food
the same way you did back then…
[chuckling]
…and you're just as messy
as you were back then too.
[in a kiddy voice] Oh no!
Come on. Give it here.
No. I can do it.
[Tasuku sighing]
So from what I'm hearing,
you got a pretty sweet deal, kid,
getting a stipend every week.
Aye.
[plate scraping]
[Tasuku] Kotaro, could I ask you a favor?
[Ayano sighing]
-[Ayano grunting, groaning]
-[Karino] Huh?
-[Ayano moaning]
-[Karino] Oh, sorry. Are you okay?
-[Ayano] Fine.
-[Karino] Hey. Aren't you…
[inaudible]
…that shirtless lawyer?
Ayano Kobayashi!
It's my job to check in on Kotaro
and deliver him his allowance each week.
Lately, I've noticed he's been asking
for a higher amount than before.
[Karino] Huh?
He won't say
what he needs the extra money for.
And when I ask,
he just says he needs more.
I thought you might be able
to shed some light on it?
Has anything changed in his life recently?
Actually…
A FEW DAYS LATER
Later, alligator! Peace!
Hmm?
Hey. You're Tasuku, right?
Would you mind if I ask you something?
What up, old man?
-[thudding]
-[Karino groans]
Old? [groaning]
I noticed you've been hanging around
with Kotaro a lot lately.
Might you know anything
about his sudden need for money?
[Tasuku] Oh, yeah.
I mean, the kid and I
are planning on moving out
and getting a place together.
-Uh…
-[somber music playing]
But, uh, moving ain't cheap.
You know how it is, my dude.
I thought his plan was to live on his own
so he could get stronger--
I get it, man.
You've been looking out
for the kid for a while now, right?
But, look, I got it from here.
Kotaro and I lived
in the same group home together.
That makes me and him like family,
and at the end of the day,
family tops neighbor.
SIR RYOTA
[cell phone ringing]
Ryota. How goes it?
Oh, hey.
Guess what?
I ran into Tasuku the other day.
He said he wanted
to come hang out with you?
[Kotaro] Aye. You just missed him.
Oh, yeah?
You don't mind
that I gave him your address, right?
I know we don't want your dad
getting a hold of it.
But I figured
since you guys were friends and all…
…having him drop by for a visit
would be a nice surprise.
Thank you, Sir Ryota.
Do not give it a second thought.
It was a wonderful surprise, indeed.
Kotaro's moving?
According to Tasuku,
they're planning on moving in together.
He probably needs the extra money
to cover all of the moving expenses.
Why wouldn't he just tell me
that he's moving?
And why does the amount
keep on increasing every week?
[Karino] Hmm.
I think I better run a background check
on this Tasuku just to be safe.
[twinkling]
After all, law is my sworn duty!
[Karino] Uh, okay.
[Ayano] I'm sure
it's just a big misunderstanding.
Kotaro loves living here with all of you.
I can't imagine him wanting to leave.
I guess you never know.
I suppose I could just ask him.
Hey.
So, uh, are you saving your money
so you can move in with that guy, Tasuku?
Aye. 'Tis true.
Oh.
W-well, uh, okay.
I just wanted to make sure it was true.
Bye.
[door creaking]
[Karino] Damn.
He really is leaving.
Guess Tasuku was right,
they are like family.
[birds chirping]
[woman] Everyone, this is Kotaro.
He'll be staying with us from now on.
Be nice and show him around, okay?
[children] Okay!
-[indistinct chatter]
-[fabric tearing]
[gasping] Hey, Kotaro! What are you doing?
Stop it! Don't do that!
You gonna clean that up?
[footsteps approaching]
[boy] What's the matter with him?
[wondrous music playing]
Oh, cool. That looks like a fun game!
I gotta get me in on this excitement!
[Kotaro grunting]
Man, this is awesome-sauce.
Oh, yeah! [chuckles] Nice!
Yay!
-Tasuku's doing it too!
-[children marveling]
No worries, kid.
Ryota will fix the pillow
and I'll clean up.
It's all good!
I'll do what?
Come on! Jump in!
[laughing] It's snowing! Yay!
-[Tasuku laughing]
-[girl] Whoa! Wow!
[kids laughing]
-[boy 2] I wanna try!
-[Tasuku] There's some for everyone!
Look at him.
He's like a totally different kid
since he got here.
That's true.
I think Kotaro
might be more popular than me.
You're the one to thank for that.
What?
You remember his first day?
Everyone yelled at him about that pillow,
but you turned it into a game.
[Tasuku] Oh, yeah. That was fun.
I think it made a big difference
having someone
who accepted him so quickly.
Someone who didn't look down on him
or think he was weird.
You made him feel safe enough
to open up to everyone else.
[sighs] Come on. Don't get so mushy.
No big deal.
He just needed someone to be his friend.
And I happen to be
one of the friendliest guys there is.
[chuckles]
[girl panting] Where is it?
Hey. What's going on here?
I can't find my wallet.
-[girl breathing heavily]
-[boy] Oh no. Oh no.
[girl] Give it back, Tasuku! You thief!
Whoa! Whoa! That's a big accusation.
Yeah. You know he did it.
Such a troublemaker.
-Sir Tasuku is falsely accused!
-[girl] Huh?
Let me help you to find your wallet,
so we can clear his good name!
[bird squawking]
[Kotaro] Tasuku, I am pleased
we were able to prove you innocent.
Yeah.
It was pretty cool of you to have my back
and stand up for me like that. Thanks!
I got caught shoplifting a while back.
Bad reputations stick, you know?
-You are more than your past.
-Uh…
Regardless of all of that,
I believe in you.
-[emotional music playing]
-[Tasuku sighs]
Wow. [chuckling]
You are way too trusting
of people, Kotaro.
Did something happen?
I found out that Tasuku
has a considerable amount of debt.
Years of missed payments
on multiple loans.
Then, out of the blue,
he just starts paying them back.
I BELIEVE YOU/WHAT DOESN'T CHANGE
Was there something on your mind?
Um…
The money you've been giving Tasuku
was supposed to be going
to your moving expenses, right?
So have you guys looked
at any apartments yet?
Not yet.
[both grunting]
You're sure that you can trust him?
All of the money is really going towards
the cost of moving and the deposit?
Yes. It is.
If there is something
you wish to say, please do speak plainly.
-[Karino] Yeah. You see…
-[Ayano] Uh…
We have some concerns about the situation.
-[Kotaro] Do not fret.
-[both gasping]
I have the utmost faith in Sir Tasuku.
Everything will be fine.
[both groaning]
[Kotaro] This will be the last time
we speak of the matter.
[both gasping]
[birds chirping]
-[Ayano] Excuse me, Tasuku?
-Huh?
And, uh, who are you?
I am the lawyer representing Kotaro.
You can call me Miss Kobayashi.
Sweet! What is up?
You've been collecting money
from Kotaro for the move.
However, you've actually been using it
to pay off your debts.
-[grunting nervously]
-[tense music playing]
That's ridiculous.
Where'd you get that crazy idea from, huh?
Besides, this has nothing to do with you.
This is between me and Kotaro.
So you…
you would say that you have faith in him.
What? What are you talking about?
It's a fairly simple question.
Do you have faith in him?
[scoffing]
What's with
the third-degree today, old man?
[Tasuku grunting]
Well, he said he had faith in you!
[gasping nervously]
Uh, wait!
[Tasuku] What the hell was that?
Dammit! Did they say something to the kid?
-[Kotaro] Sir Tasuku!
-[Tasuku] Uh…
[scoffs] Yo, yo, kiddo!
Hey. Whatcha been up to?
You get a side gig
picking up trash somewhere?
That's awesome! Clean it up!
No. I was working on something for you.
Huh?
[chuckles] Whatever.
Let's go upstairs, huh? Let's go!
[suspenseful music playing]
[clattering]
[Kotaro] Please, Sir Tasuku. Come on in.
[Tasuku] Thank you!
Um, at this rate, Kotaro will--
-[Karino] Ms. Kobayashi.
-Uh…
[Karino] Could you
give him a little more time?
[Ayano sighing]
Kotaro has faith in him.
Even if it is misguided,
I don't wanna be the one
to take that away from him.
Please.
For now, let's just be here for him,
no matter what the outcome is.
So, hey.
Was that old-man neighbor of yours
and the lawyer chick…
Were they over here
saying a bunch of stuff about me?
Yes.
No doubt they wanted to tell me
that you are a liar,
and that the only reason you are here
is to steal money from me.
[Tasuku] I knew it!
[chuckles nervously]
But you don't believe
any of that nonsense, do you?
Yes. As you are lying to me right now.
Isn't that correct?
What… what are you talking about?
You are not a very good liar,
so I did not need them to tell me.
I already knew the truth.
What exactly made you think I lied?
[Kotaro] Because
your twitchy finger gave you away.
[Tasuku] Uh…
[Kotaro] When we lived together
in the group home,
the pointer finger on your left hand
would twitch whenever you told a lie.
[Tasuku] Uh… [sighs]
[Kotaro] I noticed it at dinner
when you first came over to visit.
That doesn't mean anything.
You are misunderstanding me.
I do not care that you lied.
-[Tasuku gasping]
-[somber music playing]
[Kotaro] Here.
You will find
that it is the same amount as last week.
[Tasuku] Huh?
[Kotaro] Why are you hesitating?
I don't understand.
[sighing]
[Tasuku] Kotaro, could I ask you a favor?
I've been thinking about moving,
but money's kinda tight.
Would you be able to float me a few bucks?
You and me can even get a place together.
What do you think?
Sweet plan, right? [laughing]
You knew it was a scam from the beginning,
and you still went along with it?
I don't get it. Why would you do that?
Do you remember that day
the wallet went missing?
Everyone suspected you were the thief,
but I had faith.
I stood up for you.
I forgot about that. You were pretty cool.
After the wallet was discovered
and all the commotion had died away
you said to me you thought
that I put too much trust in other people.
Tasuku, my sentiments from that day
have not changed, nor will they ever.
[Tasuku gasping]
[chuckling] You are
way too trusting of people, Kotaro.
Sir Tasuku,
I will always
believe in you, no matter what.
Huh?
[Kotaro] Even if you betray me,
I will not care.
I will still believe in you
because you are my friend.
And I want to believe in you.
-[rustling]
-[Tasuku gasping]
Sir Tasuku, please take this. It is heavy.
[straining] It is just
a small parting gift for you.
[Tasuku] Is that all coins?
The money I gave you before
was not earned by my own hands.
I wanted to be able to give you something
that I had earned
by the sweat of my own brow.
So, I collected all the cans I could find.
You did? For me?
The thought of you and I living together
brought me endless joy.
[Tasuku] But you knew I was lying.
It doesn't matter that it was a lie
for it still filled me with happiness.
-[melancholy music playing]
-[Tasuku gasping]
[sighing]
[chuckles lightly]
[Tasuku] After I left the group home,
I tried to live like you, Kotaro.
I tried putting my trust in people,
but I trusted the wrong people every time.
[voice breaking]
And now I'm just like them.
[Kotaro] I understand.
It is truly painful to not be able
to trust the ones you are closest to.
[Tasuku gasping]
[crying]
It sure is
Kotaro, I'm sorry.
[crying] I'm really sorry.
[birds chirping]
Tasuku quit his job hosting
and got himself a better gig.
And what's more,
he's been paying Kotaro back every week.
That's good.
[Ayano] It is.
So, why is he still collecting cans?
Thank you, sir.
You still planning on living with Tasuku?
Yes.
Someday we shall build a house
as big as a castle to live in.
Yeah?
Well, that's gonna take a lot of cans.
[Kotaro] There is no need to be jealous.
I'm not jealous!
[Kotaro] Sir Tasuku and Sir Ryota,
Sir Karino, Lady Mizuki, Sir Tamaru,
Lady Takei, and Lady Kobayashi.
And so many others.
I want to be sure
that we can always be together.
That is my new dream.
[ending theme song playing]
[Karino] Uh…
[groans lightly]
[yawning]
[Kotaro] And, of course,
my mom and dad will be with us too.
[Ryota] Get a move on.
It'll be dark by the time you're done.
Yeah? Maybe you should've thought
of that before you punched me in the face.
I'm sorry. What was that?
[chuckling nervously] Just joking.
[straining]
You're lucky it was just one punch
after you betrayed Kotaro.
I know. I betrayed you too.
[Ryota] Yeah. You did.
And you still helped me
get this job anyway.
You're a really good guy, Ryota.
[Ryota] Not really.
[straining] This way
I can keep an eye on you, is all.
But if you do betray me again…
[Tasuku grunts]
…we'll just keep reminding you
that we believe in you,
both me and Kotaro.
[Tasuku gasping]
[music fades]